index.md, before:

---
#
# By default, content added below the "---" mark will appear in the home page
# between the top bar and the list of recent posts.
# To change the home page layout, edit the _layouts/home.html file.
# See: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults
#
layout: home
---

<svg id="d3banner"></svg>
{% include datavis_d3banner.html %}



**`Offensive AI`** is the use of artificial intelligence for malicious purposes including attacks on AI systems (a.k.a. adversarial machine learning) and attacks powered by AI (deepfakes, swarm malware, ML for zero-day detection, and so on).

The `Offensive AI Research Lab` (OAR) studies how adversaries use AI to enhance their attacks. The objective of the lab is to protect society by identifying and mitigating AI threats before they become mainstream. We are located in the BGU Cyber Security Research Center in Be'er Sheva Israel.

<p>&nbsp;</p>

## Our Supporters

We would like to thank the various organizations who have supported our research by funding projects in our lab:



<p float="left">
  <img src="{{site.baseurl}}/assets/logos/H2020.png" width="200" style="margin: 15px;" />
  <img src="{{site.baseurl}}/assets/logos/DoE.png" width="200" style="margin: 15px;" />
  <img src="{{site.baseurl}}/assets/logos/MoE.png" width="200" style="margin: 15px;" />
  <img src="{{site.baseurl}}/assets/logos/IIA.png" width="200" style="margin: 15px;" />
  <img src="{{site.baseurl}}/assets/logos/bird.png" width="200" style="margin: 15px;" />
</p>

<p>&nbsp;</p>

## Our Collaborators

We would also like to acknowledge our research partners from around the globe!

- `Prof. Battista Biggio`, [PRLab](https://pralab.diee.unica.it/en), *University of Cagliari*, Italy
- `Prof. Benjamin Rubinstein` *University of Melbourne*, Australia
- `Ram Shankar`, [Azure Security](https://cyber.harvard.edu/people/ram-shankar-siva-kumar), *Microsoft*, United States
- `Prof. Wenke Lee`, [IISP](https://cyber.gatech.edu/), *Georgia Institute of Technology*, United States
- `Prof. Xiangyu Zhang`, *Purdue University*, United States
- `Prof. Yang Liu`, [CYSREN](https://www.ntu.edu.sg/cysren), *NTU*, Singapore

If your are missing from the list, please let us know.

Commit message:

Added Zuckerman and Moshe Bio

index.md, after:

---
#
# By default, content added below the "---" mark will appear in the home page
# between the top bar and the list of recent posts.
# To change the home page layout, edit the _layouts/home.html file.
# See: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults
#
layout: home
---

<svg id="d3banner"></svg>
{% include datavis_d3banner.html %}



**`Offensive AI`** is the use of artificial intelligence for malicious purposes including attacks on AI systems (a.k.a. adversarial machine learning) and attacks powered by AI (deepfakes, swarm malware, ML for zero-day detection, and so on).

The `Offensive AI Research Lab` (OAR) studies how adversaries use AI to enhance their attacks. The objective of the lab is to protect society by identifying and mitigating AI threats before they become mainstream. We are located in the BGU Cyber Security Research Center in Be'er Sheva Israel.

<p>&nbsp;</p>

## Our Supporters

This lab has been funded in partnership with the Zuckerman STEM Leadership Program

![image tooltip here](/assets/logos/zuckerman.png)

We would also like to thank the various organizations who have supported our research by funding projects in our lab:



<p float="left">
  <img src="{{site.baseurl}}/assets/logos/H2020.png" width="200" style="margin: 15px;" />
  <img src="{{site.baseurl}}/assets/logos/DoE.png" width="200" style="margin: 15px;" />
  <img src="{{site.baseurl}}/assets/logos/MoE.png" width="200" style="margin: 15px;" />
  <img src="{{site.baseurl}}/assets/logos/IIA.png" width="200" style="margin: 15px;" />
  <img src="{{site.baseurl}}/assets/logos/bird.png" width="200" style="margin: 15px;" />
</p>

<p>&nbsp;</p>

## Our Collaborators

We would also like to acknowledge our research partners from around the globe!

- `Prof. Battista Biggio`, [PRLab](https://pralab.diee.unica.it/en), *University of Cagliari*, Italy
- `Prof. Benjamin Rubinstein` *University of Melbourne*, Australia
- `Ram Shankar`, [Azure Security](https://cyber.harvard.edu/people/ram-shankar-siva-kumar), *Microsoft*, United States
- `Prof. Wenke Lee`, [IISP](https://cyber.gatech.edu/), *Georgia Institute of Technology*, United States
- `Prof. Xiangyu Zhang`, *Purdue University*, United States
- `Prof. Yang Liu`, [CYSREN](https://www.ntu.edu.sg/cysren), *NTU*, Singapore

If your are missing from the list, please let us know.
